yes just dude oh my god yeah
fuck yes oh my Bob King God the news
that I see today I get up this morning
I'm calm I'm calm
pardon pardon pardon they exploded me
right I get up this morning bombarded
with you know a bunch of messages about
this news that I go and look into it for
myself what do I see when I see one
punch man anime adaptation confirmed TV
unveiling March 21st last 22nd oh wait
but wait wait okay cuz as you can tell
up so fucking high right now this is
really incredible news but what if it's
a fucked up studio because because what
you have to understand about one punch
my agree yes okay all right I don't know
if you some a lot of you probably don't
follow my one punch man reviews I feel
like there's a lot of people that don't
read one punch man not the one comic
although I pay homage to one because
this story is quite entertaining okay
but Murata's art and the panelling and
the setup of this manga is godly
okay the flow of shit in one punch man
is godly it's already like a mini anime
fucking scene by scene in a mantra so I
get this news am i I'm so - I really am
and with the PV coming in March we may
even get this by the end of this you'll
probably fall season is what I'm hoping
for if it's summer season dude I don't
think that see that would worry me that
would warn me unless they've had it in
production for a long time okay now
here's what I think
first of all straight up Studio Pierrot
Toei animation keep your grubby little
paws off of this greatness I'm being
straight up with it now make sure it was
them I'm going to be pissed beyond
belief okay I really don't mean a.m.
here are the only Studios in my opinion
that can do this justice and here's some
and I'll give you some extra Studios
that I wouldn't mind having it but I
don't think they'll do it as greatly as
the first couple studios I mentioned
production IG youthful table okay those
two those two simply maybe maybe a one
maybe bones madhouse okay that's it all
on this one hand madhouse production i.g
youthful table can handle this and I
don't even honestly as much as I love
madhouse as much as I love madhouse I do
not think they can do the fluidity of
one punch man animation as great as it
would be if you fo table a production
i.g pick it up okay
this it's something that those two
Studios excel at the fluidity and you
know the high level battle animation and
movement of character models that is
necessary
my mad house sometimes relies on panning
camera you know rather than actually
going in with the fluidity of things and
I don't like that
I'm not saying that madhouse is Mads one
of my favorite Studios top 5 series
numb3rs sits at number 3 Carly okay
maybe number 2 actually it might have
moved up
that's discussion for another day bones
I wouldn't be upset if bones picked it
up nor would I be upset if a1 picked it
up but I don't I think they'll find a
way to fuck it up I think they'll both
of them will find a way to fuck it up or
does not let it reach his full potential
it needs a grand budget it needs you
from table it needs you for two Bernie's
production i.g like honestly that's what
it needs in my opinion Tatsunoko sunrise
those two Studios could pick it up and I
wouldn't be too upset but at once again
like the hierarchy for me in terms of
Studios that are doing this at the top
production hygiene and info table
madhouse and bones sitting like right
below okay a one below that Sun Rise
Tatsunoko that's that honestly if white
fox picks it up it's gonna be fucked up
okay Matt but can't handle something
like this trigger
I don't think about trigger you know
what trigger could handle it because of
the stylized nature of one questionnaire
but it wouldn't look as realistic I I
wouldn't be upset of trigger pick it up
but I don't think that they need to have
have their hands on it either
kyoya kill any kill any with their you
know cinematography and the way they
choreographed certain scenes it could be
alright in their hands but it's still
know you already my top picks my top
picks you remain IG youthful table okay
that's what I want to see for one punch
man off adaptation which is I have high
hopes I don't think that's gonna come
through but as long as the worst-case
scenario which will piss me off and
you'll see me rage you'll see me rage is
if any other studio I didn't mention
barring something that some studio that
actually liked that I forgot okay cuz I
didn't i didn't mention every studio
that I actually like but if studio
pierrot with their track record race
recently
or toy animation with their fucking
track record recently pick this up it's
dawn it's fucked it's it's gonna be
garbage okay I can't have that
nonetheless let's not put a damper on
the festivities let's not put a damper
on the festivities this is amazing news
I am so hyped it's definitely gonna be
one of my you know favorite anime this
year granted that it's picked up by a
good studio and the budget goes hard and
they go in with the proper adaptation
it'll be fucking incredible
mind-blowing definitely gonna be in my
top 5 anime this year if it's if it's
that if it is done justice okay
it could even rival that fate level of
animation if you foot table were to pick
it up honestly it could let me know your
thoughts on this news I know all my
fellow one-punch manual you know fanboys
and fangirls our height was fluttering I
know it I've seen it I wake up this
morning just so many fucking comments so
many messages telling me you're one
punch man while bush man another hand
and I'm like oh no are you serious
I was too I was too hot I was too high
it's guy you saw a little bit at the
beginning he got Branagh cuz I couldn't
contain it but I'm calm now let me know
your thoughts if you have not read any
one punch man now is the time no it's
time last time I'm out peace